add detail about the SCRAM-SHA-512 secret that should be decoded befo… (#1612)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/book/ref-kafka-user.adoc

----

When the user is created by the User Operator, the User Operator will create a new secret with the same name as the `KafkaUser` resource.

> The secret will contain the generated password in the `password` key that is encoded with base64, for using it you must decode it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The secret contains the generated password in the `password` key, which is encoded with base64. In order to use the password it must be decoded.
```

>   password: # Generated password

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  password: Z2VuZXJhdGVkcGFzc3dvcmQ= # Generated password
```

----

For decode the generated password:
----

> echo "Generated password" | base64 --decode

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
echo "Z2VuZXJhdGVkcGFzc3dvcmQ=" | base64 --decode
```
